Choosing a good data structure to solve
a hard problem actually requires you to do a lot of things well.
First, you have to define the problem well.
Then, you have to understand the data structures you have available to you,
like lists, dictionaries and sets.
As well as their trade offs and their limitations.
Then, you have to choose a good data structure to actually represent the problem,
so that you can then write a good algorithm that actually solves it. And that's a lot.
And it takes a lot of practice before any of this becomes easy.
As you continue through this narrow degree,
I really want to encourage you to actively think about the algorithms
you write and the data structures you're choosing to use.
When you find yourself uncertain,
it's really helpful to talk about these things with other people.
So, use the Noon Degrees Slide Channel, ask questions,
and get involved in discussions about all the new concepts you're.